README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://fanaro.io"><img src="assets/logo.png" height="100px" alt="Logo" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/psygo"><img src="assets/buy_me_a_coffee_shield.svg" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" /></a>
  <a href="https://gitter.im/fanaroio/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge"><img src="https://badges.gitter.im/fanaroio/community.svg" alt="Gitter" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  ( 💻 Dev | Design 🎨 ) 
</p>

<p align="center">
  { 💙 Flutter | Dart 🎯 }
</p>

<p align="center">
  { 💾 TypeScript JS | HTML CSS 🖌 }
</p>

---

## 1. Summary

> Here's my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/philippe-fanaro/)

> Visit my website: [fanaro.io][fanaro.io]

I'm currently a solo developer creating apps and websites with Flutter, Dart, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. I also have experience with Docker, Python, Django, Kubernetes and some other stuff. However for most of these I would have to dust off my knowledge before fully using it back again.

> Currently, I've been studying a lot of Haskell and functional programming.

I'm a Brazilian native, so I speak Portuguese, but I also speak English and French.

> My daily driver is Artix, a distro based on Arch Linux, you can check out [my dotfiles][dotfiles]. I still have some software dependencies &mdash; addictions? &mdash; on Windows though, mostly due to working with others..

[dotfiles]: https://github.com/psygo/dotfiles

## 2. My Published/Open Software

So far, as published/open software, I have:

- [<img alt="fanaro.io" width="15px" src="assets/logo.png"/>][fanaro.io] [fanaro.io][fanaro.io]: my blog, a place for UI/UX experimentation with the simplest and most effective designs for reading, and also for sharing my hopefully helpful world view.
  - The most prominent topics are: [Go][go_wikipedia], programming, productivity, design and psychology.
- [<img alt="YouTube Kbd Nav" width="16px" src="assets/youtube_kbd_nav.svg"/>][youtube_kbd_nav] [YouTube Keyboard Navigation Extension][youtube_kbd_nav]: a browser extension which adds keyboard shortcuts to YouTube's browser UI.
  - Made with Dart 🎯
  - Quite stable, I use it on a daily basis. It still conflicts with some of YouTube's UI, but this problem is quite minimal.
  - Currently working with Chrome, Edge and Firefox, though full support for Firefox won't be maintained.
- [<img alt="OGS Kbd Nav" width="16px" src="assets/ogs_kbd_nav.svg"/>][ogs_kbd_nav] [OGS Keyboard Navigation Extension][ogs_kbd_nav]: a browser extension for playing go on [OGS][ogs] with only the keyboard.
  - Made with TypeScript.
  - It offers a way of navigating the online Goban with your arrow keys or typing in the coordinates.
- [Go Brazil Ranking](https://github.com/psygo/go-brasil-ranking): a website made for ranking Go players as well as archiving games.
  - Recursive Elo ranking of games/players.
  - SPA made with pure HTML/CSS/TS, no frameworks at all.
  - Firebase Firestore and Functions backend.
  
[ogs]: https://online-go.com
[ogs_kbd_nav]: https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/ogs_kbd_nav
[youtube_kbd_nav]: https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/youtube_kbd_nav

### Proof of Concept

Here are some projects I've done just to prove, for myself and maybe for others, that it worked and how:

- [Go Pattern Search](https://github.com/psygo/go_pattern_search): a way of searching patterns in Go (board game), through graph search (Neo4j DBMS).
  - Inspired by [Waltheri's Pattern Search](http://ps.waltheri.net/), which used board position comparisons (matrices).
  - This is also possible through *regular expressions*, since Go games can be encoded in text, through the SGF format.

## 3. Co-Authorship

- [<img alt="Fast Immutable Collections" height="13px" src="assets/fic_logo.png"/>][fast_immutable_collections] [Fast Immutable Collections][fast_immutable_collections]: Immutable collections for Dart, which are also faster than its competitors, like [kt_dart][kt_dart] and [built_collection][built_collection].
  - [@marcglasberg][marcglasberg] asked me if I wanted to participate in his project as a contributor. Almost all of the key ideas are his.
  - It features a benchmark app so you can compare it to its competitors.
  - [Here][fanaro.io_fic] is the article on my website.

[built_collection]: https://github.com/google/built_collection.dart
[fanaro.io_fic]: https://fanaro.io/articles/fic/fic.html
[fast_immutable_collections]: https://github.com/marcglasberg/fast_immutable_collections
[kt_dart]: https://github.com/passsy/kt.dart
[marcglasberg]: https://github.com/marcglasberg

## 4. Other Projects

- [Fanaro's Sabaki Theme Collection][sabaki_themes]: a collection of themes and helpful documentation for creating themes for the SGF Go editor [Sabaki][sabaki].
- [Como Jogar Go &mdash; Uma Introdução Concisa](https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/traducao_como_jogar_go): the translation of Kiseido's Book [How to Play Go &mdash; A Concise Introduction](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35663792-how-to-play-go-a-concise-introduction?ac=1&from_search=true&qid=BPOysUtlJm&rank=1), by Richard Bozulich and James Davies. Everything in that project is open source, done with LaTeX and [GoWrite2](http://gowrite.net/GOWrite2_download.html), so, in case you would like to know how a Go book *can* be made, there it is.
- [DOGemP's Flutter Website](https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/dogemp): a front-end, made with Flutter for the online dojo I created. This is a side project mostly used for derusting my Flutter abilities.
- [How to write your own Go ebook](https://github.com/psygo/template_tsumego_ebook): using [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/) and [GoWrite2](http://gowrite.net/GOWrite2_download.html).
- [My AlgoExpert Solutions](https://github.com/psygo/algoexpert): continuous practice of algorithms and data structures problems


[sabaki]: https://sabaki.yichuanshen.de/
[sabaki_themes]: https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/fanaro_sabaki_theme_collection

## 5. Other Outlets

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/4756173/philippe-fanaro"><img src="https://stackoverflow.com/users/flair/4756173.png?theme=dark" width="208" height="58" alt="profile for Philippe Fanaro at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers" title="profile for Philippe Fanaro at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers"></a>

[<img align="left" alt="Philippe Fanaro | Instagram" width="22px" src="assets/instagram.svg" />][instagram]
[<img align="left" alt="Philippe Fanaro | Twitter" width="22px" src="assets/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="Philippe Fanaro | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="assets/stackoverflow.svg" />][stackoverflow]
[<img align="left" alt="Philippe Fanaro | YouTube" width="22px" src="assets/youtube.svg" />][youtube]

<br>

[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/fanaro009/
[fanaro.io]: https://fanaro.io/
[stackoverflow]: https://stackoverflow.com/users/4756173/philippe-fanaro?tab=profile
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/PFanaro
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuUK6AAtvo8cTFOJ3OOg9Mw?view_as=subscriber

## 6. My Competences

A fairly comprehensive and entertaining list of my competences can be found on my website [here](https://fanaro.io/pages/competences.html).

## 7. Some Statistics about My Work

Here are some statistics about my work on Github:

<img
  src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=psygo&show_icons=true&theme=algolia"
  alt="Github Statistics about the user psygo"
/>

My top language should be Dart &mdash; at least at the date I mentioned above &mdash;, but I've mostly written in it for other people, so this is what you get:

<img
  src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=psygo&theme=algolia&hide=jupyter%20notebook,html"
  alt="Top languages from user psygo"
/>

Maybe it's more accurate to classify my language interests at the moment with a chart for the last week:

<img
  src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=psygo&layout=compact&theme=algolia"
  alt="Wakatime's Week Stats for user psygo"
/>

## 8. Other Stuff

My interests are random and feature a wide variety of topics, something I've been unambiguously complimented on and criticized for. If you want to know more, do check my website out: [fanaro.io][fanaro.io].

Another major on-and-off interest of mine is in the game of ○● [Go][go_wikipedia] ●○ (Baduk or Weiqi (囲碁 or 바둑 or 围棋)). I have some articles about it in my website and have some videos on my YouTube channel as well &mdash; the videos are in Portuguese.

[go_wikipedia]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game)

Commit message:

adding my Three.js portfolio

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://fanaro.io"><img src="assets/logo.png" height="100px" alt="Logo" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/psygo"><img src="assets/buy_me_a_coffee_shield.svg" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" /></a>
  <a href="https://gitter.im/fanaroio/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge"><img src="https://badges.gitter.im/fanaroio/community.svg" alt="Gitter" /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  ( 💻 Dev | Design 🎨 ) 
</p>

<p align="center">
  { 💙 Flutter | Dart 🎯 }
</p>

<p align="center">
  { 💾 TypeScript JS | HTML CSS 🖌 }
</p>

---

## 1. Summary

> Here's my [Three.js Portfolio](https://three-portfolio-mu.vercel.app/) (more like an entrypoint...)

> Here's my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/philippe-fanaro/)

> Visit my website: [fanaro.io][fanaro.io]

I'm currently a solo developer creating apps and websites with Flutter, Dart, TypeScript, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. I also have experience with Docker, Python, Django, Kubernetes and some other stuff. However for most of these I would have to dust off my knowledge before fully using it back again.

> Currently, I've been studying a lot of Haskell and functional programming.

I'm a Brazilian native, so I speak Portuguese, but I also speak English and French.

> My daily driver is Artix, a distro based on Arch Linux, you can check out [my dotfiles][dotfiles]. I still have some software dependencies &mdash; addictions? &mdash; on Windows though, mostly due to working with others..

[dotfiles]: https://github.com/psygo/dotfiles

## 2. My Published/Open Software

So far, as published/open software, I have:

- [<img alt="fanaro.io" width="15px" src="assets/logo.png"/>][fanaro.io] [fanaro.io][fanaro.io]: my blog, a place for UI/UX experimentation with the simplest and most effective designs for reading, and also for sharing my hopefully helpful world view.
  - The most prominent topics are: [Go][go_wikipedia], programming, productivity, design and psychology.
- [<img alt="YouTube Kbd Nav" width="16px" src="assets/youtube_kbd_nav.svg"/>][youtube_kbd_nav] [YouTube Keyboard Navigation Extension][youtube_kbd_nav]: a browser extension which adds keyboard shortcuts to YouTube's browser UI.
  - Made with Dart 🎯
  - Quite stable, I use it on a daily basis. It still conflicts with some of YouTube's UI, but this problem is quite minimal.
  - Currently working with Chrome, Edge and Firefox, though full support for Firefox won't be maintained.
- [<img alt="OGS Kbd Nav" width="16px" src="assets/ogs_kbd_nav.svg"/>][ogs_kbd_nav] [OGS Keyboard Navigation Extension][ogs_kbd_nav]: a browser extension for playing go on [OGS][ogs] with only the keyboard.
  - Made with TypeScript.
  - It offers a way of navigating the online Goban with your arrow keys or typing in the coordinates.
- [Go Brazil Ranking](https://github.com/psygo/go-brasil-ranking): a website made for ranking Go players as well as archiving games.
  - Recursive Elo ranking of games/players.
  - SPA made with pure HTML/CSS/TS, no frameworks at all.
  - Firebase Firestore and Functions backend.
- [My Three.js Portfolio](https://three-portfolio-mu.vercel.app/): it's more like an entry point. It uses React and Three.js.
  
[ogs]: https://online-go.com
[ogs_kbd_nav]: https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/ogs_kbd_nav
[youtube_kbd_nav]: https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/youtube_kbd_nav

### Proof of Concept

Here are some projects I've done just to prove, for myself and maybe for others, that it worked and how:

- [Go Pattern Search](https://github.com/psygo/go_pattern_search): a way of searching patterns in Go (board game), through graph search (Neo4j DBMS).
  - Inspired by [Waltheri's Pattern Search](http://ps.waltheri.net/), which used board position comparisons (matrices).
  - This is also possible through *regular expressions*, since Go games can be encoded in text, through the SGF format.

## 3. Co-Authorship

- [<img alt="Fast Immutable Collections" height="13px" src="assets/fic_logo.png"/>][fast_immutable_collections] [Fast Immutable Collections][fast_immutable_collections]: Immutable collections for Dart, which are also faster than its competitors, like [kt_dart][kt_dart] and [built_collection][built_collection].
  - [@marcglasberg][marcglasberg] asked me if I wanted to participate in his project as a contributor. Almost all of the key ideas are his.
  - It features a benchmark app so you can compare it to its competitors.
  - [Here][fanaro.io_fic] is the article on my website.

[built_collection]: https://github.com/google/built_collection.dart
[fanaro.io_fic]: https://fanaro.io/articles/fic/fic.html
[fast_immutable_collections]: https://github.com/marcglasberg/fast_immutable_collections
[kt_dart]: https://github.com/passsy/kt.dart
[marcglasberg]: https://github.com/marcglasberg

## 4. Other Projects

- [Fanaro's Sabaki Theme Collection][sabaki_themes]: a collection of themes and helpful documentation for creating themes for the SGF Go editor [Sabaki][sabaki].
- [Como Jogar Go &mdash; Uma Introdução Concisa](https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/traducao_como_jogar_go): the translation of Kiseido's Book [How to Play Go &mdash; A Concise Introduction](https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/35663792-how-to-play-go-a-concise-introduction?ac=1&from_search=true&qid=BPOysUtlJm&rank=1), by Richard Bozulich and James Davies. Everything in that project is open source, done with LaTeX and [GoWrite2](http://gowrite.net/GOWrite2_download.html), so, in case you would like to know how a Go book *can* be made, there it is.
- [DOGemP's Flutter Website](https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/dogemp): a front-end, made with Flutter for the online dojo I created. This is a side project mostly used for derusting my Flutter abilities.
- [How to write your own Go ebook](https://github.com/psygo/template_tsumego_ebook): using [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/) and [GoWrite2](http://gowrite.net/GOWrite2_download.html).
- [My AlgoExpert Solutions](https://github.com/psygo/algoexpert): continuous practice of algorithms and data structures problems


[sabaki]: https://sabaki.yichuanshen.de/
[sabaki_themes]: https://github.com/FanaroEngineering/fanaro_sabaki_theme_collection

## 5. Other Outlets

<a href="https://stackoverflow.com/users/4756173/philippe-fanaro"><img src="https://stackoverflow.com/users/flair/4756173.png?theme=dark" width="208" height="58" alt="profile for Philippe Fanaro at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers" title="profile for Philippe Fanaro at Stack Overflow, Q&amp;A for professional and enthusiast programmers"></a>

[<img align="left" alt="Philippe Fanaro | Instagram" width="22px" src="assets/instagram.svg" />][instagram]
[<img align="left" alt="Philippe Fanaro | Twitter" width="22px" src="assets/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="Philippe Fanaro | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="assets/stackoverflow.svg" />][stackoverflow]
[<img align="left" alt="Philippe Fanaro | YouTube" width="22px" src="assets/youtube.svg" />][youtube]

<br>

[instagram]: https://www.instagram.com/fanaro009/
[fanaro.io]: https://fanaro.io/
[stackoverflow]: https://stackoverflow.com/users/4756173/philippe-fanaro?tab=profile
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/PFanaro
[youtube]: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCuUK6AAtvo8cTFOJ3OOg9Mw?view_as=subscriber

## 6. My Competences

A fairly comprehensive and entertaining list of my competences can be found on my website [here](https://fanaro.io/pages/competences.html).

## 7. Some Statistics about My Work

Here are some statistics about my work on Github:

<img
  src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=psygo&show_icons=true&theme=algolia"
  alt="Github Statistics about the user psygo"
/>

My top language should be Dart &mdash; at least at the date I mentioned above &mdash;, but I've mostly written in it for other people, so this is what you get:

<img
  src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=psygo&theme=algolia&hide=jupyter%20notebook,html"
  alt="Top languages from user psygo"
/>

Maybe it's more accurate to classify my language interests at the moment with a chart for the last week:

<img
  src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=psygo&layout=compact&theme=algolia"
  alt="Wakatime's Week Stats for user psygo"
/>

## 8. Other Stuff

My interests are random and feature a wide variety of topics, something I've been unambiguously complimented on and criticized for. If you want to know more, do check my website out: [fanaro.io][fanaro.io].

Another major on-and-off interest of mine is in the game of ○● [Go][go_wikipedia] ●○ (Baduk or Weiqi (囲碁 or 바둑 or 围棋)). I have some articles about it in my website and have some videos on my YouTube channel as well &mdash; the videos are in Portuguese.

[go_wikipedia]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Go_(game)
